[Music]
W by warp mark.
>> Hi, my name is Maggie. I'm an engineer
at warp and I'm one of the engineers
that built rules in warp. It's
essentially one of the many features in
warp drive that lets you build more
context for your agent. So, one of the
tasks I'm currently working on is to
actually add evals, which is like
different test cases for a different
feature that I've been working on. So,
how can I get started with agent mode
eval?
So, now it's telling me, hey, Bessie, we
found some notebooks, maybe something in
our documentation on how to set it up,
how to get it running. This is really
helpful as I'm starting the task, and
it's probably coming from one of my
teammates that already wrote a notebook.
This time, I want to add an eval where
we're testing for a Rust syntax error.
So I can say let's update that Docker
file to include Rust.
The Docker file that was updated is
installing Rust in a different way than
I actually wanted to. I can see that GCC
and Python are both being installed by
this AP get instead. So I'm actually
going to stash these changes and then
create a rule to kind of follow more of
that convention. I can see myself in the
future adding more evals and adding even
more languages or packages. I'd rather
keep this as a rule to use for future
sessions than just like a one-off thing.
The rule that I'm going to add here is
always use a get to install packages and
follow the patterns used to install
Python and GCC.
So now I'm honestly just going to ask
Mode to try that one more time. This
time hopefully it'll follow that rule
and give me the code that I actually
want. And Rust is being added. That
looks like the right code that I want.
So yeah, that's all.
I think what's unique is I'm able to
just grab context by just asking agent
mode in natural language. And that's
just incredible.